doc: update overview and add authentication guide (#1105)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-launcher: doc/docs/overview_cfd.md

Use the **Add source** button to provide URL to a custom list of application.
This can be used for example to share early versions of applications under development.

For some of these sources, you might need to request an identity token and add it in [Authentication](#authentication).

### Authentication

> Here you can manage your identity token, which allows you to access non-external sources from Nordic Semiconductor. The token is required for accessing certain proprietary or early-access applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you can manage your identity token, which allows you to access restricted app sources from Nordic Semiconductor. The token is required for accessing certain proprietary or early-access applications.
```

as discussed yesterday. And this one is valid for all "non-external" term entries

For detailed information about working with authentication tokens, see [Working with authentication tokens](working_with_authentications_tokens.md).

### Mainland China app server

> This section allows you to enable the use of a dedicated server for better connectivity in the People's Republic of China. When enabled, the launcher will use https://files.nordicsemi.cn/ to download publicly available apps, which provides improved connection speeds within mainland China.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section allows you to enable the use of a dedicated server for better connectivity in the People's Republic of China. When enabled, the launcher will use https://files.nordicsemi.cn to download publicly available apps, which provides improved connection speeds within mainland China.
```

Maybe like this? don't like slashes at the end of the links :)
